"Contents"
"1" "Information on baby name statistics"
"2" "Things you need to know"
"3" "Important information for interpreting these statistics:"
"4" "• baby name statistics are compiled from first names recorded when live births are registered in England and Wales as part of civil registration, a legal requirement"
"5" "• the statistics are based only on live births which occurred in the calendar year, as there is no public index or register of stillbirths"
"6" "• babies born in England and Wales to women whose usual residence is outside England and Wales are included in the statistics for England and Wales as a whole, but excluded from any sub-division of England and Wales"
"7" "• the statistics are based on the exact spelling of the name given on the birth certificate. Grouping names with similar pronunciation would change the rankings. Exact names are given so users can group if they wish"
"8" "Quality and Methodology"
"9" "The Baby Names Quality and Methodology Information document contains important information on:"
"10" "• the strengths and limitations of the data
• the quality of the output: including the accuracy of the data, how it compares with related data
• uses and users
• how the output was created
"
"11" "Our User guide to birth statistics provides information on data quality, legislation and procedures relating to birth statistics."
"12" "Notes and definitions"
"13" "Baby name statistics do not include births to women usually resident in England or Wales who give birth abroad. They do include births to women whose usual residence is outside England and Wales where the birth occurred in England or Wales."
"14" "Births where the name of the baby is not stated are excluded from all the ranks."
"15" "Names with a count of 2 or less in total within England and Wales have been redacted using S40 of the Freedom of Information Act in order to protect the confidentiality of individuals. This is consistent with the disclosure control methodology used for births. Further information on the ONS policy for protecting confidentiality within birth statistics can be found on our website:"
"16" "www.ons.gov.uk/methodology/methodologytopicsandstatisticalconcepts/disclosurecontrol/guidanceforbirthanddeathsstatistics"
"17" "Further Information and Enquiries"
"18" "Special extracts and tabulations of births data for England and Wales are available to order for a charge (subject to legal frameworks, disclosure control, resources and the ONS charging policy, where appropriate)."
"19" "Enquiries should be made to Vital Statistics Outputs Branch vsob@ons.gsi.gov.uk"
"20" "or telephone: +44 (0)1329 444110)."
"21" "User requested data will be published onto our website."
"22" "Feedback"
"23" "We welcome feedback from users, please contact Vital Statistics Outputs Branch"
"24" "email: vsob@ons.gsi.gov.uk"
"25" "telephone: +44 (0)1329 444110"
"26" "Terms and conditions"
"27" "A National Statistics publication"
"28" "National Statistics are produced to high professional standards set out in the Code of Practice for Official Statistics. They are produced free from any political interference."
"29" "The United Kingdom Statistics Authority has designated these statistics as National Statistics, in accordance with the Statistics and Registration Service Act 2007 and signifying compliance with the Code of Practice for Official Statistics."
"30" "Designation can be broadly interpreted to mean that the statistics:"
"31" "• meet identified user needs"
"32" "• are well explained and readily accessible"
"33" "• are produced according to sound methods"
"34" "• are managed impartially and objectively in the public interest"
"35" "Once statistics have been designated as National Statistics it is a statutory requirement that the Code of Practice shall continue to be observed."
"36" "About us"
"37" "We are the executive office of the UK Statistics Authority, a non-ministerial department which reports directly to Parliament and the UK government’s single largest statistical producer. We compile information about the UK’s society and economy, and provides the evidence-base for policy and decision-making, the allocation of resources, and public accountability."
"38" "Copyright and reproduction"
"39" "© Crown copyright 2017"
"40" "You may re-use this document/publication (not including logos) free of charge in any format or medium, under the terms of the Open Government Licence.  Users should include a source accreditation to ONS - Source: Office for National Statistics licensed under the Open Government Licence."
"41" "To view this licence visit http://www.nationalarchives.gov.uk/doc/open-government-licence/;"
"42" "or write to the Information Policy Team, The National Archives, Kew, Richmond, Surrey, TW9 4DU; or email: psi@nationalarchives.gsi.gov.uk."
"43" "Where we have identified any third party copyright information you will need to obtain permission from the copyright holders concerned."
"44" "This document/publication is also available on our website at www.ons.gov.uk"
